Document configuration environment variables (v5) (#2468)
vercel/workflow: docs/content/docs/v5/api-reference/workflow-nitro/index.mdx

  - /docs/getting-started/nitro
---

> Add the [`workflow/nitro` Nitro module](https://v3.nitro.build/guide/modules) to

Author: ```suggestion
Nitro integration for Workflow SDK. The `workflow/nitro` entry point's default export is a [Nitro module](https://v3.nitro.build/guide/modules) — it has no callable API. You enable it by adding it to the `modules` array of your Nitro config```

Author: Restored the Nitro module introduction and made the activation path explicit.

> transform workflow directives, build bundles, and register runtime routes.

Author: ```suggestion
```

Author: Removed the redundant follow-up sentence so the Nitro introduction only says this once.
